Replace README.md with generated awesome list (#1)
itkpi/awesome-list: README.md

> # Awesome Projects [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

Reviewer: This should probably say that it's IT KPI specific list...

> > A curated list of open source projects from students at KPI

Reviewer: Why is this using a blockquote? It doesn't look like a citation semantically...

Author: Just generated part of file, can replace with anything else. What will be more suitable mark?

Reviewer: Let's keep it for now. Markdown is pretty limited...

Or alternatively, have it just wrapped with `<center>`.

Author: Ok, let's keep

## List

> - [nano_daw](https://github.com/abelkevich/nano_daw)

Reviewer: Maybe it's better to give out more details on the projects:
```suggestion
- [nano_daw](https://github.com/abelkevich/nano_daw) — {{ DESCRIPTION OF WHAT THIS PROJECT IS ABOUT AND WHO IS THE AUTHOR }}
```

## License

> [![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

Reviewer: Currently, the repo page shows `GPL-3.0` because of the license file. I think this file needs to be replaced too to reflect this info.

> To the extent possible under law, Oleksii Belkevych has waived all copyright and

Reviewer: Should it be just your name or 
```suggestion
To the extent possible under law, Oleksii Belkevych and contributors have waived all copyright and
```

Reviewer: WDYT?

Author: I don't know much about copyright aspects, but your change fits much better
